Update contributing guide (#2489)
graphile/crystal: CONTRIBUTING.md

```shell
cd postgraphile/postgraphile
UPDATE_SNAPSHOTS=1 yarn jest __tests__/path/to/file.test.graphql
```

> Note that you only change the `.test.graphql` file, and that the `.sql`,
> `.mermaid` and `.json5` files are autogenerated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: you only need to create/change the `.test.graphql` file; the `.sql`,
`.mermaid` and `.json5` files are auto-generated snapshots. There will also be a
`.errors.json5` snapshot if the test does not include a
`## expect(errors).toBeFalsy();` comment.
```
